Docs: Update visualization and barchart panels (#61474)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/bar-chart/index.md

- **Horizontal** - Will make the X axis the category axis.
- **Vertical** - Will make the Y axis the category axis.

> ### Rotate X tick labels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rotate x-axis tick labels
```

Reviewer 2: If "x-tick" is the label in the UI, we should file a UX bug to get it changed to "x-axis".  X Tick may be the option name in the code, but it should not be the label presented to users.

Author: Yes, the UI shows `X tick`. I will open a UI bug for this. I assume the process is the one found in creating a new issue through github.

> When the graph is in vertical orientation you can use this setting to rotate the labels under the bars. Useful if the labels are long and overlap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the graph is vertically oriented, this setting rotates the labels under the bars. This setting is useful when bar chart labels are long and overlap.
```

> ### X tick label max length

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### X-axis tick label maximum length
```

> Sets the max length of the bar label. Labels longer than the max length will be truncated and `...` will be appended to the end.

Reviewer 3: we have two different sets of labels in bar chart. x axis tick labels, which is what this is referring to. and bar values "labels", which is the value text rendered above each bar.

we should make sure not to confuse these two by calling either bar chart labels. or just make sure there is consistency.

- **Always** Always show values.
- **Never** Never show values.

### Stacking

> Controls if bars are stacked and how they are stacked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls bar chart stacking.
```

> - **Off** Bars will not be stacked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Off**: Bars will not be stacked.
```

> - **Normal** Bars will be stacked on top of each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Normal**: Bars will be stacked on each other.
```

Controls the width of bars. 1 = Max width, 0 = Min width.

### Bar radius

> Controls the radius of the bars. 0.5 = Max radius, 0 = Min radius.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls the radius of the bars. 
- 0 = Minimum radius
- 0.5 = Maximum radius
```

### Highlight full area on cover

> Controls if the full surrounding area of the bar is highlighted when hovering over the bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls if the entire surrounding area of the bar is highlighted when you hover over the bar.
```

### Color by field

> Controls whether the bars are colored by a sibling field.

Author: I looked into providing an example and possibly discovered a bug. My understanding of this was that you could color the bars representing some values by the color of a different field in the dataset. The more I think about it the more confusing I find it aswell since the legend seems to show wrong values when this setting is set.

I have removed the doc for this option and will look into it's functionality better. Will probably come back with a new docs PR when I figure if there are bugs or my understanding is wrong of it.

> Controls whether the bars are colored by a sibling field.

Reviewer 3: you can choose another field to use for coloring the bars. that field can be something like "status" strings: "pass", "fail". then you set up value mappings (or thresholds) on that field to control the colors.

https://play.grafana.org/d/barchart-thresholds-mappings/barchart-thresholds-and-mappings?orgId=1

yes, the legend might need some more work.

> Controls whether the bars are colored by a sibling field.

Reviewer 3: see original PR for more use cases "build status" bars. https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/43257

> Controls whether the bars are colored by a sibling field.

Author: Okay, I understand. Then I guess we should actually add it in the docs... maybe something like `Color bars based on another field's values.` And possibly add this PASS/FAIL with value mappings example in there somehow?
